Add .pre-commit-config.yaml (#67)
physiopy/peakdet: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ISSUE_TEMPLATE_DISCUSSION.md

---
name: Discussion

> about: Use this template to start a discussion issue, i.e. an issue that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Use this template to start a discussion issue, i.e. an issue meant to open a community debate over a topic
```
